 
To decode the brain activity during fast image viewing, for each participant, we trained a l1-regularized logistic regression using the average best l1-value across all participants (C=9.1) on the average timepoint of maximum decoding accuracy (160 milliseconds). For each trial, we then estimated the decoded probability for each image for each time point. As some decoders can experience an offset in the baseline probability, we normalized the probabilities per class by dividing each entry by the mean probability of that class across all timepoints. We used the probability vectors per class as input to TDLM to assess forward and backward sequenceness according to the trials? visual sequence. We estimated significance by using a newly developed sign-flip-permutation test (see Kern eta l 2026). For comparison with previous papers, we included the more conservative state-permutation test as well for visualization, but will not further include discussion of its results.
TDLM on group-level
On a group level, we performed a sign-flip permutation test on the averaged sequenceness values per participant. TDLM strongly picks up on the sequences (Figure 5) on a group level and surpasses significance thresholds clearly in all four speed conditions. 
  
Figure 5 Curves for forward and backward sequenceness for the four different speed conditions in the MEG. In all conditions, significant sequenceness can be detected, crossing the maximum permutation threshold as defined in Liu et al (2020), which is indicated as a dotted line. For visualization purposes, sequenceness scores have been normalized w.r.t. the threshold (a.u.). Note that the speed condition relates to the inter-stimulus-interval and that images were shown for 100 milliseconds in all conditions, therefore the expected peak lag is e.g. 32 ms + 100 ms.
Additionally, we performed a bootstrap power analysis by repeatedly drawing random subsets of participants of different sample size. TDLM?s power reaches 80% already at XXX, with YYY .

TDLM on participant-level
However, while on average TDLM shows strong effects, when looking at the individual level, sequenceness curves show high variance (Figure 6). For some participant TDLM seems to collapse and sequenceness becomes significant at unexpected time lags (e.g. XX). Using the aforementioned sign-flip permutation test reveals that XX participants pass significance thresholds when run across all trials of an individual. Surprisingly, the there is no clear pattern towards faster or slower sequences showing stronger power. Additionally, we correlated individual participant?s performance with TDLM sequenceness scores to see if this effect was due to lack of attention, xxx.

?	Effect sizes? Cohen?s d
?	How do I do this? Me no understand exactly
  
Figure 6 overview of sequenceness across all participants. Each row shows the averaged forward sequenceness for a specific participant colorcoded. Effects seem to partially driven by few individuals with strong sequenceness values. E.g. in the 64 ms condition, only 6 participants show a positive value at the expected time lag of ~160 milliseconds. TODO SKALA ANPAASE, EXCLUDE SUBJ, center o n zero
Additionally, we performed a bootstrap-power analysis by repeatedly sampling trials of different numbers for each participant and calculated the number of participant?s which were significant. It can be seen that XXX . Figure X shows the number of trials necessary for each participant to reach 80% power. While some participant?s show effects even with few trials, for others not enough signal is present such that sequence detection with TDLM collapses entirely .

TDLM on single-trial-level
Next, we assessed how well TDLM decodes individual trials. Figure X shows that for most trials, the most prominent peak is at present at expected time lags. . Figure 7 shows six exemplar participants and their sequenceness scores
